README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

I'm a 4th year Applied Mathematics and Engineering student studying at Queen's University! 

<!-- - 🔭 I'm currently on an internship at [Distributed Compute Labs](https://distributed.computer/), working on building a democratized Distributed Computer! -->

- 📫 How to reach me:
  - Email me at <bryan.c.hoang@gmail.com>
  - Connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-c-hoang/)

- :computer: Hobbies:
  - Video games
  - Dungeons and Dragons
  - Anime

<!--
**bryan-hoang/bryan-hoang** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

- 🌱 I’m currently learning frond-end development with the following tools:
  - React
  - Next.js
  - Chakra UI
  - Storybook
 
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

feat(README): add github stats cards and languages/tools summary

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

I'm a 4th year Applied Mathematics and Engineering student studying at Queen's University!

## About me

<!-- - 🔭 I'm currently on an internship at [Distributed Compute Labs](https://distributed.computer/), working on building a democratized Distributed Computer! -->

- 📫 How to reach me:

  - Email me at [bryan@bryanhoang.dev](mailto:bryan@bryanhoang.dev)
  - Connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryan-c-hoang/)

- :computer: Hobbies:

  - Video games
  - Dungeons and Dragons
  - Anime

## Languages and tools

<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"></code><code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png"></code><code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png"></code><code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png"></code>

## Statistics

| <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bryan-hoang&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&theme=dark&hide_border=true" alt="Bryan Hoang's GitHub stats" /></a> | <a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats"><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bryan-hoang&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide_border=true&hide=lua,assembly,vhdl,vim%20script" alt="Bryan Hoang's top languages" /></a> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

<a href="https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats">
  <img
    style="display:block; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto;"
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=bryan_hoang&theme=dark&layout=compact"
    alt="Bryan Hoang's Wakatime stats"
  />
</a>

<!--
**bryan-hoang/bryan-hoang** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

- 🌱 I'm currently learning frond-end development with the following tools:
  - React
  - Next.js
  - Chakra UI
  - Storybook

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I'm currently working on ...
- 🌱 I'm currently learning ...
- 👯 I'm looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I'm looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
